{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13060\viewh14440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Oh hey, you\'92re actually reading this! If only more were like you.\
\
General stuff - This theme is only compatible with sm-ssc at this time, SM4 support will be ready eventually.\
\
The concept of Optical is simple. It\'92s how I want StepMania to be when I play it. Everything I don\'92t care to have is removed or de-emphasized. Love it or hate it, that\'92s the fact and you are free to modify it however you wish if it better suits how you would like to play the game.\
\
Optical is by no means a perfect theme for everybody, or even myself, so don\'92t get your hopes too high. SMO & accuracy players probably won\'92t like this theme much. Evaluation doesn\'92t even appear unless you tell it to, has somewhat little detail, and online isn\'92t even supported yet. Tough. People who play on pad or using non-spread keys will likely find it awkward to navigate with the default controls (dubbed \'93shakesoda controls\'94 by the SSC), since they follow the screen layout instead of what\'92s easier to press or what is on the arcade cabinet. I play on pad too, so there\'92s an option for the controls, at least.\
\
Preferences are saved in Data/UserPrefs/Optical/*.cfg. If you change some of the values and look around you\'92ll find some things that aren\'92t in the menus. :)\
\
	- Colby\
---------\
Music (in Sounds/loops) :\
freek = John B - Electrofreek (epic mix)\
bmtt = Hybrid - Blackout (Hybrid Y4K Edit)\
witp = Coburn - We Interrupt This Programme (JCA remix)\
syom = John B - Stalking You On Myspace (12\'94 VIP Mix)\
ddrex = DDR Extreme ;)\
skies = John B - Mercury Skies [Synius' Lightshadow Mix]\
_chill was made by Kazango for a cancelled project in 2008.\
\
Sounds:\
- Beatmania IIDX 16\
- Kita Khyber\
- Synius / Kazango\
\
Help:\
- AJ\
- Midiman\
- Azure\
- vdl (by example)\
\
Feedback/encouragement:\
Too many to list.}